                   /------------------------------------\
                   |        The Book of the Deads       |
                   \------------------------------------/

Alas, I regret you should read this parchment, which basically means that you
are dead; (Also read (3.11) in the TomeNET Guide for more information.)

But don't be too pessimistic.  As you have already noticed, the game doesn't
come to end by simply dying - you now are a ghost.
If your ghost is destroyed, the game will come to the real end.

As a ghost, you cannot carry or use substantial objects (except this
parchment).. the stuffs you had with you while alive is left on the site of
your death.

You can freely pass through walls, floors and ceilings; so hide inside a wall.


Well, there's roughly 3 ways a ghost might wish to take:

1. Leave your treasures, just go back to the town and visit the temple (store
   '4').  The temple priest will resurrect you to the body and give you some
   money. If you are less than level 10, it is the best way parhaps.

2. If you cannot give up your items, try calling for help.  Living players can
   resurrect you by reading 'Scroll of Life' adjacant to you or cast the
   priest spell 'Resurrection'.
   Behold, you're "fading" while waiting for a help to come!

3. Simply type 'Qy@' and start over with a brand-new character.
   If you are less than level 3, it is the best way parhaps.
   Kyrie Eleison.


When you're resurrected, you'll lose 40% of your experience points (or slightly
less if a fellow player resurrected you by the priest spell 'Resurrection').

If you are an 'everlasting' character you can actually avoid turning into a
ghost on death and instead respawn back in town right away. To do this, visit
your local temple and enable its 'instant resurrection' feature.
That way, when you die you will not come into a situation where you might have
to leave all your items behind and you won't risk destruction of your ghost.
The drawback is that this service costs a fee and the experience loss is a
hefty 50%. See (4.5a) in the guide for details.


Better luck next time...
