N:*:Default
484
They say that you can't trust rumors.
You have no more Black Potions of Death.
They say that smart guys hang around at 1600'.
They say that tough guys hang around at 1500'.
They say that handsome guys hang around at 1200'.
They say that a visit to 3250' can be quite an experience.
They say that a visit to 3250' will only get you killed.
Throw a Potion of Blindness at a monster and it cannot cast any spells!
MAKE MONEY FAST! Find a Treasure Pit!
Not satisfied with the artifacts you find? Then create your own!
They say that Sauron has forged an all-powerful Ring.
A good item will not corrode.
They say that Nibelungs live in dark caves.
Some weapons that slay dragons can be very deadly against them...
Finding the Phial of Galadriel at 50' is nothing to be proud of.
There are Black Market stores hidden deep in the dungeon, with COOL stuff!
What a pity, you cannot read it!
You will encounter a dark, tall stranger...
A Mithril mail will not rust.
An Adamantite mail will not rust.
A Rusty Chain Mail cannot rust any further.
If you are a mage, you will NOT want to find Raal's Tome of Destruction!
You won't want to find Raal's Tome of Destruction!
You won't want to find Raal's Tome of Destruction, unless you are a mage.
A Wand of Death is useless against monsters that are tougher than you.
A Wand of Death is of little use against foes that are dead already.
Try taking off your armor before fighting a Gelatinous Cube!
They say that only one sword can score *CRITICAL* hits.
This rumor is not true.
If you can fall like a feather, you need not care about gravity.
They say that you should rejoice if you find a scroll labeled ""!
You don't always have to kill everything you meet!
If you can't beat it, leave it alone!
An umber hulk can be a confusing sight.
There *is* a good use for Potions of Detonations, Ruination and Death...
Watch your step!
It's a bad idea to throw away a Longsword (4d5).
It's a bad idea to wield a Longsword (4d5).
It's useless to bash monsters with bows - but there's one notable exception...
Actually, Slime Mold Juice is not completely useless.
Help me! I'm being held captive in a Vault at 2850'!
Ever tried inscribing your armor {{erodeproof}?
Using a Morningstar in the evening has no effect.
Why are you wasting time reading fortunes?
There is a horrible, ghastly fate awaiting you... at 2700'!
You can get the Longsword 'Ringil' by doing the following:
You can protect yourself from Great Wyrms of Power by doing the following:
It's true name is 249.
You feel like someone's pulling your leg!
AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRGGGGHHHHHHH!
Try inscribing the name of the first monster killed by it in the weapon!
The richer the victim the happier the thief.
Beware the Jabberwock, my son! The jaws that bite, the claws that catch...
There's something bad about what you are carrying in your backpack...
Thieves are more likely to appear if you are carrying a lot of money.
Brand's sword, Werewindle, probably knows more than just one trick.
They say that Scrolls of *Curse Weapon* can create powerful cursed artifacts.
They say that the Chainsword makes monsters mad with its awful noise!
They say that Ringil shines so brightly that it makes monsters angry.
Orcs are mortally afraid of weapons that can slay them.
There is a way to turn a Ring of Speed (-20) into a Ring of Speed (+20).
There is no way to turn a Ring of Speed (-20) into a Ring of Speed (+20).
VECNA LIVES!!!
Cool guys can resist fire.
They say that death incarnate wears heavy metal boots...
You feel the Longsword (t) you are carrying in your backpack is special...
If you start seeing red monsters, you have probably gained infravision.
They say that the dungeon is deeper than the Abyss.
When all else fails, read the instructions.
No poison is immediately deadly.
I have seen a Ring of Speed (+50) in the Black Market!
Telepathy works like a two-way door.
Elvish waybread might negate the effects of poison.
Once uncursed, Calris will become a deadly weapon.
If there's a stairway to hell, there must also be a stairway to heaven.
You feel your luck is turning...
If you thought Death swords were bad, wait until you meet Killer katanas!
Overeating can be bad for your health if there are others nearby.
Cave dwellers are accustomed to darkness and rarely enjoy bright light.
A creature made of stone can be slain by a spell that turns stone to mud.
It is often a good idea to throw items that you don't want to eat or drink.
The faster you run the more food you will burn.
Invisible monsters will often expose themselves if you drop items around you.
They say that the key to killing tougher monsters is called "hit&run".
They say that there is no such thing as free advice.
Wearing an Amulet of Doom will take you into the Dungeons of Doom.
You can often wrest one last charge from an empty wand if you try hard enough.
Wands may recharge themselves if you leave them on the floor long enough.
There is more than one way to deal with a locked door.
Afraid of your valuables getting stolen? Carry more junk!
Afraid of your money getting stolen? Invest it!
If you hear something smash into splinters, you had better watch out.
They say that you had better leave Greater hell-beasts alone.
Selling unidentified potions to shopkeepers might be safer than quaffing them.
Always look out for trapdoors on "special" feeling levels!
There is a way to max out your stats with Potions of Charisma & Nexus.
Unique opponents will recover their health faster than other creatures.
They say that only one sword, Nothung, can slay Fafner the Dragon.
"So when I die, the first thing I will see in heaven is a score list?"
You're going into the morgue at midnight?
How dare you! I will not buy that!
A Potion of Detonations is also known as nitroglycerin...
Operation OVERKILL has started now.
There is a trap on this level!
A weapon of Undead Slaying has all you need to kill a ghost.
A weapon of Dragon Slaying may give you resistance to a dragon's breath attack.
They say that only a Warrior will want to wear the Terror Mask.
All that is shall come to an end - a dark day dawns for the gods.
The One Ring is powerful, but will eventually destroy its owner.
Having troubles with summoners? Door Creation is your friend!
Stairway Creation may be slower than Teleport Level, but safer...
Wands of Heal Monster are useful! Hint: ball spell, @....moo(o)ooo
Guaranteed heal self - scenario: o'@, type c4c4c4c4
If it can't see you, it can't hurt you!
If it can't see you, you might still be able to hurt it...
I love you, you love me, we are a happy family!
No animal is interested in sex if it is mortally scared.
The butler did it.
The butler is innocent.
There is a plenty of Longswords around 1000'.
Groo is your worst nightmare.
Freddy Krueger is your worst nightmare.
Groo is an idiot! Groo is a dolt! He is a fool! He has no mind!
There are often stairways in graveyards: bad people are carried to hell...
Only a god of Thunder could ride a lightning bolt!
When the day of Ragnarok comes, Surtur will set the world afire...
Surtur's accursed sword, Twilight, burns with everlasting fire.
Groo may be as dumb as an amoeba, but he knows a good sword when he sees one.
Flora's sexy boots will make you more attractive.
Flora's sexy boots will cause the monsters to drool on you.
Weapons of Flame will light your way.
Want to invest some money? Contact $crooge McDuck, 1300'.
Need a loan? Contact $crooge McDuck, 1300'.
They say that the gods get angry if you pray too much.
For any remedy there is a misery.
Poison will kill you slowly.
Didn't you forget to pay?
Death is just life's way of telling you you've been fired.
They say that nobody can defeat his own ghost.
A greedy genocide can be a fatal mistake, especially if you are low on hits.
PLEASE ignore the previous rumor.
There are scrolls that can be read only by mages.
Some undead opponents will come back if defeated, more powerful than before!
The answer is 42.
Your mother wears army boots!
One level further down somebody is getting killed, right now.
Meet me at 1900' if you are a man.
Bashing a creature may sometimes stun it.
And now, Groo does what Groo does best!
One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them.
One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them.
Three Rings for the Elven-kings under the sky...
Never carry a Potion of Detonations if there is a fire trap nearby!
Laugh to scorn the power of man, for none of woman born shall harm thee!
All hail thee that shalt be king hereafter!
He who laughs at Groo's brains will find there is nothing to laugh about.
A wise man always speaks too soon...
Let us not dwell on possible bad fortunes!
Appearance is only the frosting, not the cake!
A feeling of Death flows through your body.
Violence is no solution.
Boots of Speed (+50) are no myth!
You will need to Restore the Constitution if the Anarchists strike.
Drain you of your sanity: Face the Thing That Should Not Be!
Since by curse it came to me, accursed be this Ring!
Each shall itch to possess the Ring, but none in it shall find pleasure!
I know whatever was; whatever is, whatever shall be.
Barney MUST die!!!
Pudpadnoy Tooboothokoot is possessed by a demon known only as "It".
They say that the One Ring has a very special curse.
They say that alcohol is bad for your health.
What if you DON'T give a name to the artifact you create..?
They say that ancient battlefields are often haunted.
Beware of pits that fill the whole level!
Liar! I have not the gold!
They say that the true name of wall monsters is 177.
Never mind the Phial of Galadriel - the Phial of the Gods kicks its butt!
A Ring of Speed? Phooey! Try looking for a Ring of *Speed*!
Thisss cccity isss guilty... the crime isss life... the ssentence isss DEATH!
If you hear heavy steps - watch out!
A visit to the Zoo is educational: you meet many strange animals.
What happens if you wear a Ring of Extra Ring Fingers (-2) {{cursed}?
Oremor nhoj em llik tsum uoy emag siht niw ot.
If I cancel tomorrow the undead will thank me today.
Hellfire will burn your soul...
Never attempt to Call the Void in an enclosed space!
Call the Void needs a lot of room to cast...
Why doesn't Detect Monsters show invisible monsters? 'Cos you can't see 'em!
I'll tell you the truth, son: your soul's gonna burn in a lake of fire!
There is a rare spellbook called [M$ PowerFools] {{cursed}
*** LOW HITPOINT WARNING! ***
You cruelly stab the helpless, sleeping Software bug!
Slab: Jus' say AarrghaarrghpleeassennononoUGH.
You feel the Windows (95) on your hard disk is broken...
Spirit, hatch that painted spirit of the lamb sparrow.
Gone insane from the pain that sure they know: for who the flange sound?
With time the child dissipates within, this blinking boy made badly.
Not to be never, never not to see, so as to dub the thee unforgiven.
Soon in order to fill up our lungs: the warmth of twenty dead women.
The eternal death of eons of the foreigner of the lie can die not absolutely.
Drain you of your sanity: in front do the thing that does not have to be.
The opinion you had were salt expresses.
They say that you there is a Nether spell to control the three Elven Rings.
They say that the dark mists of morgoth can both bestow and remove the curse.
Save the game in dungeon and you'll be buried there.
They say that in this world {RThe Lady {wrules us all.
They say that a sorceror never waits for a feeling to come.
They say that a genuine artifact hates to remain unused.
They say that you should find a way to use mimic rings.
They say that you should find a way to make use of cursed rings.
They say that you should find a way to use Unmagic Mushrooms.
They say that seven crystal balls grant you a wish!
They say that removing a rubble often is a bad idea.
They say that removing a rubble sometimes gives you a treasure.
They say that some players are more invisible than others.
They say that an archer should try 'killing from afar'.
They say that they say that what they say can be utterly wrong.
They say that DarkSword hates magic.
They say that DarkSword is just a cursed sword.
(AD) Need a help? Just visit http://www.ctt.ne.jp/~sap/mang/
(AD) Wanna have a talk? Just visit #mangband on irc.worldirc.org
(AD) Recent news? Just subscribe PernMangband-subscribe@yahoogroups.com
(AD) Press '?' sometimes, even if you don't need a help.
They say that behind Morgoth lies another world of extreme danger.
They say that wizards are subtle and quick to anger, even the kindest.
They say that a macro can save your life hundreds of times.
They say that only truly-free person can go beneath 1000'
They say that a hellish is suitable to visit the Hell.
Ever found a staircase-up in the wilderness?
Ever been in the mushroom farm?
They say that the Mafia would buy some kinda mushrooms for a price.
Morgul weapons are utterly useless - but there's one notable exception...
They say that a stone is just a stone.
They say that a phial is just a mundane glass with decorations.
They say that a star is a badge for sheriffs.
Ever seen a broken stick of *slay* lag?
They say that you should be good to the poor farmer.
Never forget to lock the door when you leave your house!
They say that {RThe Lady {whates to have her *real* name called.
They say that some cookies were imported from overseas.
They say that DarkSword can be great if enchanted neatly.
They say that a pair of leather boots 'Ringil' won't always grant speed.
They say that some supreme spells won't concern worldly matters.
You can do away with notorious {RThe Lady {wby doing the following:
They say that a clever thief never does her job with her pack full.
They say that a Demigod should leave his worldly treasures.
They say that Morgoth never forget to inscribe his hammer with {{!E}.
Ever tried a batman archer?
Ever tried a batman monk?
Ever tried a female Ent?
They say that you should enter jelly-pit naked.
Just call the police if you find a hideout of evil above 1000'
They say that better ask veterans than pray to a goddess.
They say that there's a world called 'potland'.
They say that cloning technology is prohibited by the U.S. government.
They say that a warrior starts his adventure by selling his Broad Sword.
They say that a true rogue should learn to turn off the light.
They say that you should learn to type '/' on the chat-line.
They say that you should die at the centre of a large room.
They say that you should fight behind a rubble.
They say that when you die your ghost will haunt there.
They say that temple priest loves to save your soul.
They say that you should learn to haggle.
Get killed? Just ask a sorceror for a rescue!
Get killed? Just ask a warlock for a rescue!
Get killed? Never tell it to a rogue!
They say that you should learn to throw Molotov cocktail.
They say that chattering deep in dungeon is a bad habit for dungeoneers.
They say that some mad players are attempting to create a golem...
They say that 50' is safer place than the town.
Never dive the dungeon naked, unless you're a monk.
They say that with 2 words 'pfft' and 'w00t' you can describe the universe.
They say that you should carry flasks of oil even when your lamp is full.
Never harm the future Einstein on the village!
They say that you'll have headache after a trip with magic mushrooms.
They say that everyone can be a F.L.Wright in PernMangband.
Ever seen a member of The Guild?
Ask a priest to enchant your stuffs.
Ask a rogue to curse your stuffs.
Ask a sorceror to wraith you.
Ask a sorceror to examine your randarts.
Ask a telepath to dominate you.
Ask an unbeliever to get rid of that Q.
Ask a priest to sweep a pit.
Ask a warlock to go downstairs first.
Ask a disenchanter mold to disenchant your HA DarkSword.
Nowadays even a warrior should learn to read.
Nowadays even a warrior should learn to type.
Nowadays even a warrior should learn shorthands.
=sp+15@7, 1.8M!
PoAS@7, 2M
=dam+19@7, 15k
Mirky@2, 20k
Ever found a Westie broken dagger?
Ever found a Everburning Torch?
Ever activated a DSM?
Ever activated the Celeborn in the town?
Ever met Morgie twice?
Ever tried to rob a store?
Ever been in yeek town?
Ever heard about Mirkwood Legends?
Ever seen a God or Goddess player?
{R[The Lady] {BThou art doomed, poor little mangband player..
{B[Olorin] mh
{D[Moltor] {Bpfft
{B[Evileye] hehe
{B[Jir] {y:)
{B[Mihi] May the source be with you! *^-')b
[Server Admin] Server Shutdown (right now)
You are hit by a bolt from the blue!
They say that there once was a poor batman who found both Ringil and Feanor.
They say that there once was a man who fought 2 Morgothes at the same time.
They say that reading Anne McCaffrey won't help you at all.
They say that often a sorc came in through the bathroom window.
They say that Choppiness is a warm gun.
They say that a disenchanted DarkSword is not so good for non-unbelievers.
Watch out!! The Erlkonig Thavakrache is just behind you!!!
They say that zombie uniques are nothing to worth while slaying.
They say that you should read a scroll of acquirement in town.
They say that a vault is a place to die, and not a place to resurrect.
They say that you shouldn't give someone of the same sex an engagement ring.
They say that archers should learn more about their opponents.
They say that a death in Mangband is very akin to that of real life.
They say that you should let someone else to go down first.
They say that act as a fool and you'll be treated as a fool.
They say that be harsh to others and you'll be treated in a similar way.
Beware! Cave spiders are MUCH more powerful here!
Never slam the door!
(AD) please deposit your spare artifacts to PARC(Pern Arts Recycle Centre)!
YOU'VE JUST WON THE FORTUNE-COOKIE LOTTERY! REPORT IT TO THE ML NOW!
They say that One of the easiest way to find PoAS is to play an unbeliever.
They say that alchemist never stocks restore potions of the kind you need. 
Segmentation fault - core dumped.
Segmentation fault - cookie dumped.
This server either isn't up, or you mistyped the hostname.
They say that only vaccinated can survive beneath 2000'
They say that Yeek is weak, weak is Yeek.
They say that Ent is slow, slow is Ent.
They say that an unbeliever without ESP is a dead meat.
They say that spellcasters should learn archery also.
They say that you should learn how to use ghost powers.
They say that you don't have to save the world.
They say that you still don't need an amulet to save the world.
They say that no hell below us, above us only sky so no use praying to Gods.
They say that quick dive, quick die.
"So when I die, the first thing I will see is #@# ?"
They say that an average dungeoneer carries 20 books all the way.
I wonder why some priests would cast Orb onto a messy floor.
Dig your own grave and you'll survive longer.
They say that you should be extremely vigilant the moment you recall.
They say that very often a dagger(+0,+0) is greater than a Broad Sword(+5,+5).
They say that archers never care for damage rings.
Try inscribing #'Ringil' on your Long Sword.
Try inscribing #of Feanor on your Hard Leather Boots.
Ever tried to eat a ring?
Ever asked {RThe Lady {wfor a date?
You feel the Windows (Xp) on your hard disk is as broken as all the others...
They say that playing angband on Windoze is a bad joke.
Darn, that rogue casted the spell of Summon Lag!
They say that you should learn to dive, though it's not in the water.
They say that when you have Chaos resistance, why bother Confusion one?
They say that when you have Hold Life, why bother Nether resistance?
They say that when you have Shock resistance, why bother Sound one?
When you have all the resistances, why bother casting resistance spell?
Once upon a time, a stupid player couldn't beat Morgie even with his Ringil.
They say that why people even bothers storing Amulet of Charisma in house?
They say that massive pieces of wood is essential for bridge building.
Troubles? Please ask THE PERSON IN CHARGE, and not me!
They say that many apprentice warlocks genocided themselves.
They say that Glove of Invulnerability doesn't work fully nowadays.
Ever tried to combat while meditating?
Ever wondered why your AC changes sometimes?
Found a Fishing Pole? Go to the Sea to the South of the town and fish!
Ever wondered why a mimic eagarly hunts spiders?
They say that speed rings so precious, some people still prefers damage rings.
They say that you'd love to drop anchor when in a vault.
Ever found a hound pit?
Ever met a cookie monster?
Found 10 mushrooms of Hallucination? Time to throw a party!
They say that hjkl dancer benefits more nowadays.
Lost deep in the dungeon? Carry string of Ariadne next time around!
I wonder why some players would scatter the floor with their recall scrolls..
Ever tried to polymorph other players?
Ever eaten an eye?
They say that angband players are of less gourmant.
They say that silence is a requirement for enjoying music.
Ever heard the sound of silence? Oops, everyone /ignore you!
{d[Thavakrache] {BEver seen an anonymous message?
They say that there's 1/4294967296 chance of finding the same randarts twice.
Ever found the same randarts twice?
They say that a true hero never gets afraid.
They say that a tengu sometimes marks an instakill.
Ever wondered why all those small town stores are open 24/7?
Ever seen a living statue? Or ever been?
Ever bounced on a phase spiders' trampoline?
They say that carrion crawlers are good at creating carrions.
They say that the deeper you go the higher you fly.
Your stuffs weigh you down? Drop the gold!
They say that you should lead cold hounds to breathe at fire hounds.
Ever heard about a meat shield?
They say that wiry and prompt fighter attacks like a lightning.
They say that amulet of adornment gives off more charm than that of charisma.
They say that every vault contains at least one entrance.
They say that you shouldn't attack a greater vault alone.
They say that avoiding to kill felines won't grant you a ring.
They say that uninscribed arrows are utter crap.
PernM cookie ingredient: flour, NetHack, Zangband, PernA and players online.
They say that you can rust armours.
Ever seen your tombstone?
Got tired of cunning players? Quaff a potion of naivety!
They say that a poor player created adamantium golem that never follows him.
They say that a poor player created Pinnocio that is doomed to be burnt.
{vAdamantium {wso precious, ever wondered why its massive piece is that cheap?
They say that have you seen another {yQ {wstanding in the shadow?
They say that have you seen another rogue standing in the shadow?
They say that no one can be stealthy enough to sneak up on a Quylthulg.
What's that Quylthulg creature anyway?
Ever relished a dragon steak?
Ever seen a {rcoloured {bcookie{w?
Yikes! This cookie was {rp{Ga{vi{on{Bt{Re{yd{w!!
They say that {yP {wis terrible and {oP {wis horrible.
Ever seen a {DP{w?
You know you played PernM too much when you wonder why you don't auto-attack.
Ever macroed \eQy@ ?
They say that it's no good digging with a dagger.
{rYou die.
Wanna revenge? Stock potions of detonation!
They say that Sauron has forged an all-powerful useless Ring.
Wanna slay Sauron? Ask Wormie!
Foudinni said: You cannot be satisfied with imaginary cakes.
You're lucky today if you find a coloured fortune.
They say that once a player named Grima slew Sauron with a dagger.
They say that repented evils still are horrible foes of priests.
They say that holy animals are holy, just don't touch them.
They say that it's not only players that know phase'n'shoot.
They say that 90% of sorcerors are born to die.
They say that 100% of mortals are born to die.
They say that if you notice a hound of different colour in a pack, run away!
They say that never drink and dive.
They say that cloning technology often results in mutants.
They say that it worthes while enchanting a launcher.
A mouth of Sauron,a nose of Sauron and 2 eyes of Sauron make a face of Sauron.
Ever seen the second town?
Found a scroll of acquirement? Hush! Don't tell that to anyone!
They say that the best way to make use of ?acq is to sell it to other players.
Inscribe your potion of death {{augmentation}.
Inscribe your nifty randarts {{Slow Metabolism}.
What on earth is the difference between sickness and sickliness?
Ever seen a pack of multi-coloured walking potions of experience?
They say that mangband incubi/succubi are on the other side of the screen.
They say that mage staff helps mages of ages to walk.
They say that without mage staff a mage should crawl to move around.
They say that shadow cloak envelops a rogue in the shade.
They say that a cloak of shock resistance is made of ebonite.
Shrink asks you: what do you imagine with {BZZZZZZZ{op{w@{GZZZZZZZ{w# ?
Lamps won't stack? Try identifying them!
You see a sign: Never steal the {ocarrots{w, damned dungeoneers!
They say that you should inscribe on ?acq the name of what you want.
Ever found a potion of augmentation while your stats are not max-ed yet?
They say that casting spells trains your intelligence.
They say that an arrow without macro is like a gun without trigger.
Foudinni says: always prepare to fight, always prepare to run!
Who is that Foudinni guy anyway?
Ever tried to rub a lamp? - Erm, which key to rub?
They say that you should detect traps more than once.
They say that all the clerics should learn to pray at very level 1.
They say that one thing I can tell you is you got to be free.
They say that Maggot is on bouties for smuggling hallucinogenic mushrooms.
Foudinni says: Okay, now who bells the cat?
Foudinni says: Here's Rhodes; jump!
They say that there's no use crying over spilt arts.
They say that prepare to die when you dared to enter the land of kings.
Built a castle? Time to vacate your long-dwelt small flat!
They say that all the wizards are positivists and never believe in words.
They say that shopkeepers won't change inventory as far as a customer is in.
(AD) Suggestions very welcome - either in unidiff or in context-diff.
Glue the shards of pottery and you'll have a china.
Ever faced a Greater Titan Sorceror?
They say that genius is but one remove from idiot.
"You can't have everything.  Where would you put it?" -- Steven Wright
They say that wilderness caves can be too nasty for novice dungeoneers.
They say that potion of blindness can give greater boost than that of speed.
They say that potion of cure critical wound has wide uses.
Foudinni says: After you.
